I don't let myself start a book that I'm
not gonna finish you know when you're
reading you have to be careful that you
really are concentrating particularly if
it's a non-fiction book are you taking
the new knowledge and sort of attaching
to knowledge you have and for me taking
notes helps make sure that I'm really
thinking hard about about what's in
there if I disagree with the book
sometimes it takes a long time to read
the book because I'm writing so much in
the margin it's actually kind of
frustrating oh please say something I
agree with so I can get through to the
end of this boat so there's this one
it's a fiction book called Infinite Jest
what I'm trying to decide if I started
or not because I watched the movie the
end of the tour I loved it
David Foster Wallace comes across as a
super interesting broad thinking person
if the book was like two or three
hundred page book there's no doubt as
soon as I watched that movie I died in
but it's quite long and complicated and
you know I don't want to make an
exception it's my rule to to get to the
end over time I will make the switch but
when I'm just sitting there at night
reading often a paper magazine or the
the book I'm used to that and it's
ridiculous because I care I have whole
book bag that goes on my trips with me
and it's it's voluminous and antiquated
if you're reading books like these you'd
want to be sitting down for an hour at a
time because otherwise just getting your
mind around okay what was I reading is
not the kind of thing you can do five
minutes here ten minutes there magazine
articles fit our short YouTube videos
fit into those little slots and so you
know every night I'm reading a little
over an hour and so I can take my
current book and make some progress
[Music]